FFWEB-1446: Documentation of ffReady params (#223)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/documentation/ready-events.md

Sometimes you want or have to change the data before all our elements being notified. This is where `ffReady` callback kicks in.

If you are listening to the `ffReady` event, it is guaranteed that your callback is invoked before all element callbacks are going to be invoked.
In this case, an `event` object will have three additional parameters passed.
* factfinder - related to global `factfinder` object
* eventAggregator - related to `factfinder.communication.EventAggregator`
* resultDispatcher - related to `factfinder.communication.ResultDispatcher`

**NOTE:**
 Variable `factfinder` is also always available from the global scope.

**Example usage**
```html
<script>
    document.addEventListener("ffReady", function (event) {

>         const factfinder       = event.factfinder;

Reviewer: Before these three assignments, a multi-line comment showing the referential equality would be very helpful I think.
Hopefully this gives the best clarity over available objects.
```js
document.addEventListener("ffReady", function (event) {
    // event.factfinder       === factfinder
    // event.eventAggregator  === factfinder.communication.EventAggregator
    // event.resultDispatcher === factfinder.communication.ResultDispatcher

    const factfinder       = event.factfinder;
    ...
```

```

If You run Your code in browsers which natively supports ES6 or use js code transpilers You can use destructuring to simplify the syntax
```html
<script>
    document.addEventListener("ffReady", function ({factfinder, eventAggregator, resultDispatcher}) {
        //add eventlistener as described in https://web-components.fact-finder.de/api/core-result-dispatcher
    });
</script>
<link rel="import" href="pathToHtmlImport/elements.build.with_dependencies.html">
```
You can even destructure nested object to select only these properties You need in Your event handler
```html
<script>
    document.addEventListener("ffReady", function ({factfinder: {communication: {EventAggregator: {addFFEvent}}}}) {
        addFFEvent({
            type: "search",
            query: "some query"
        });
        //add eventlistener as described in https://web-components.fact-finder.de/api/core-result-dispatcher
    });
</script>
<link rel="import" href="pathToHtmlImport/elements.build.with_dependencies.html">
```
**NOTE:**
Internet Explorer does not support destructuring assignment. Do not use it unless Your code is transpiled before deployment

> You can find more information in documentation [`Destructuring assignment`](https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destrukturierende_Zuweisung) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more information in documentation [`Destructuring assignment`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment) 
```

Reviewer 2: Let's be consistent - documentation in English, so link to English documentation as well.

```html
<script>
    //WRONG
    document.addEventListener("ffReady", function (event) {
        const eventAggregator  = event.eventAggregator;

>             //the core is ready lets search

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // the core is ready, let's search
```
